hi everyone today I will make one type
of water kimchi made with napa cabbage
and a Korean radish called napa kimchi
in Korean this is so delicious and
refreshing this also does not have any
fish sauce or seafood in it so this can
be a good kimchi for vegetarians to try
some day combine ten cups of water
quarter cup of hot pepper powder 3
tablespoon of sugar and 1 tablespoon of
salt in a large mixing bowl mix
everything onto the sugar and salt
details set it aside while you're
preparing rest of the ingredients are we
call this kimchi broth from now obtain 1
pound of napa cabbage and one pound of
Korean radish wash both of them remove
the skin and any bad part from the
lettuce cut it into 1-inch squares
cut the napa cabbage into 1-inch squares
put the cabbage and lettuce in a large
bowl sprinkle 2 tbsp coarse sea salt on
top toast them gently and set it aside
for about 20 minutes it is time to make
a sweet rice mixture mix one-and-a-half
cups of water and 2 tbsp over sweet rice
flour
cook it on medium high keep stirring
once you start to bubble cook for 30
seconds and then turn off the heat set
it aside to cool
next will be grind some veggies to add
to the kimchi broth grind the Asian pear
onion garlic and ginger together for
about a minute in a mixer on high speed
chop the rest of the veggies from the
main ingredients
pour the ground edgiest into the king's
bras that you made first then pour the
crude rice mixture talking jibril mix
everything well 20 minutes later add the
chopped veggies into the salted napa
cabbage and lettuce
strain the kimchi broth into the bowl
with the veggies discard any pieces that
remain in the strainer this will have
talking to pros to remain clear later
mix everything gently and keep the water
container glass jar or container that is
set at room temperature for a day and
then store it in the refrigerator it
will take a week or two before it
becomes fermented in up to it
it tastes very delicious and refreshing
especially after eating greasy food
enjoy
thank you for watching see is no game
bye